## User List React App - Production Environment

Production Link:- [Click here](https://user-list-app-production-environment.netlify.app/)

→ The production environment is where the finalized code is deployed and run in a live environment for end-users. This environment should be carefully controlled and managed to ensure that everything runs smoothly. Production environments typically require strict security protocols, monitoring, and maintenance to ensure system stability and reliability.

It's important to note that the development, staging, and production environments should be kept separate from each other to avoid potential conflicts. Each environment should have its own set of resources, configuration, and access control policies to prevent unauthorized access, data breaches, and other security threats.

### To start production environment, run this command

```bash
$ yarn build-prod
```

→ In a production environment, running the `yarn build-prod` command will typically trigger a series of actions that bundle and optimize the project's code for deployment. This may involve using tools to transpile or minify the code, concatenate files together, and remove any debug information that is not needed in production. The resulting output is a set of static assets, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files, that can be served by a web server. after that run below command

```bash
$ yarn preview
```

→ Once the code has been built, the `yarn preview` command may be used to test the production build locally before it is deployed to a live environment. This command typically starts a local web server that serves the static assets generated by the `yarn build-prod` command. This allows developers to verify that the production build works correctly and identify any issues that may need to be fixed before deploying to a live environment.

Overall, these commands are essential tools in the production deployment process, allowing developers to prepare and test their code for a live environment with confidence.
